= Goldberg

Updated 9/30/09

Should run on rails 2.3.4 (haven't had a problem).
Password are now encrypted using Sha512. Credit to authlogic (using the same algorithm). Older Sha1 passwords will be automagically updated on next login. Take a look at lib/goldberg/crypto_pass_sha512.rb vs lib/goldberg/crypto_pass_sha1.rb if your curious about the diff. 


Prerequisites
Rails >= 2.2 (gem install rails)
RedCloth (gem install RedCloth)


== Usage

This is an example of how you would set up a Rails website that you plan to manage with git, with Goldberg as a submodule.

	$ rails mysite
	$ cd mysite
	$ git init
	$ git submodule add git://github.com/lardawge/goldberg.git vendor/plugins/goldberg

We’re skipping some steps, like appropriate .gitignore entries for your log/ directory and others—that’s up to you.

Set up your config/database.yml appropriately then continue…

	$ rake goldberg:install
	$ rake goldberg:theme[snooker]

The first command above will bootstrap your Goldberg environment, including migrating and populating your database with a default setup.

The second runs a little bit of generator code to put Goldberg’s assets (images, stylesheets, javascripts) into public/ and to put a default application.html.erb into your site. Available themes include “ewnf”, “goldberg”, “snooker” and “spoiled_brat”.

And that’s it: now you should be ready to run script/server and use your site.

== Contact

The main point of contact for the Goldberg project is the discussion group:

* <b>Google Group:</b> http://groups.google.com/group/rubyonrails-goldberg